hi I'm Eric Kelly Cornell here with
Kelly Cornell wellness comm today I'm
going to make for you one of my favorite
green smoothies this is going to be a
green smoothie that is low in sugar I
used to make my smoothies a lot with
frozen banana as the base to give it
that smooth kind of creamy texture and
then I added some frozen fruit as well
well I've been trying to cut back on my
sugar intake and so what I've been doing
is using avocado as my base of my green
smoothie so let's go ahead and get
started it it's really quick and easy
I'm gonna start out by putting in half
of an avocado so this is about a medium
to large sized avocado I'm going to
throw that in there avocados are great
because they are a rich source of oleic
acid which is good for heart health they
also got potassium and copper and
vitamin C and vitamin K which is good
for proper blood and bone function let
me just rinse off my hands they're
really fast
so we've got our face which is half of
an avocado next thing we're going to add
is some raw cacao or raw chocolate I'm
going to add about a teaspoon in rock
cacao has more antioxidant flavonoids
than blueberries red wine and green tea
in fact it has four times the amount of
antioxidants in green tea so we've got
our raw cacao there we're going to add
in some he'll seeds which contain all
eight essential amino acids some hemp
seeds are a good source of protein as
well as
I have the perfect bat ratio of omega
fatty acid so we're going to put about a
teaspoon or so but have a C's in there
you could add in some spirulina
spirulina is great it's got full of
beta-carotene it's got high it's high in
minerals it's good for a liver
detoxification I'm not gonna add
spirulina into this one because I'm
giving this to my son he's not a big fan
of spirulina so we think that out of
mine but it does it you can't really
taste it too much I think it's kind of
all in his head but I'm not gonna add it
in next thing I'm going to add in though
is coconut oil coconut oil contains
important fatty acids like lauric acid
which can help to boost your immune
system so I'm going to put about a half
a teaspoon to a teaspoon or so of the
coconut oil this is great good good take
type taste and texture as well we're
gonna add in some goji berries for some
sweetness blueberries are a really rich
source of being a carotene as well and
they taste nice and they've got some
protein and them go tubers are really
good snack so I'm going to put in a
couple of tablespoons of the goji
berries for next time and then we're
going to add in some superfood you know
green powder if you get a good quality
source of green powder like this and
find on my website they're just you know
jam-packed with nutritional value and if
you get like a berry flavor it gives it
a nice sweet taste to your smoothie
without having to add
anything with a high amount of sugar
most you know Green powders are very
very low in sugar but now have a nice
flavor to them okay so now we're going
to add in our vegetables today we're
going to add in some romaine lettuce
romaine lettuce contains nutrients that
are good for vision health heart health
balance your blood sugar levels they've
got that chromium in it so we're going
to add let's see that's one two three
four five five or six or so you know
leaves of the romaine in there just
going to pop them in depending on the
size of the leaves maybe one more these
are kind of small so I think this is
about seven and then we're going to add
in some celery which is great for heart
health antioxidants that boosts the
immune system celery also has calcium
and magnesium really good source of that
so I prefer celery over a glass of milk
honestly
in fact my body prefers the salary over
a glass of milk so I put in two celery
stalks and then the final ingredient is
going to be 1/2 a cup of filtered water
just going to pour that right in there
you could also use coconut water
especially if you're drinking a smoothie
after a workout coconut water is a
natural source of
like potassium well we just put in some
filtered water there I'm going to turn
this on out and mix it up in my Vitamix
my high-powered blender so we're gonna
get that started
alright looks like it's done Oh yummy
yummy yummy we're just gonna take the
lid off pour that into our cup and you
can see it comes out kind of creamy
smoothie it's cold and it's tasty
without added sugar this is what I
considered to be a superfood smoothie
great delicious snack for after school
for the kids or for after a workout for
yourself
this is Kelly Cornell with Kelly Cornell
wellness comm and I hope to see you
again next time thank you